don't to be treated like some little
wife at home or what to be part of
things you'll be part of everything
promise
Willy is a brand we have stories by
William we have music reviews by Willy
now we have we is first not and who's
gonna write this novel
my name is Claudine I live in Montana I
shall probably not die there it's good
I believe Willy based coding in part on
our school days yes I think I had a
little something to contribute writer
phenomenon everyone's talking about it I
have a little plan to turn Claudine into
the most popular girl in France your
book will change the world
[Music]
tell me how many people in this part
using curried included right now people
love to talk since when if you
considered scandal to be a bad thing all
those young girls you've given them of
news really have someone I mean you have
you should own up to it
[Music]
I will continue to pursue this because I
want to
the hand holds the pen right history
[Music]